[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>REGINA MEREDITH:
Back by popular demand,
Sheila Gillette and the
Theo Group-- in the past,
we've spoken with the Theo
Group about everything
from earthly
challenges of humanity
to the unanswered mysteries.
And today, we'll be speaking
about a subject that's
equally intriguing--
parallel lives.
So without ado, here's Sheila.
It's so good to see you again.
>>SHEILA GILLETTE: Great to
be with you again, Regina.
It's always so fun.
>>REGINA: You know, we
haven't-- it's been what,
close to a year since
we've done this or so.
>>GILLETTE: Yeah, a
little over, I think.
>>REGINA: A little over
a year-- and last time,
we had a little studio audience.
And people were asking about
the things that concerned them
or that they wanted
to know about.
And since that time,
tell us a little bit
about what's happened
in your world
with the Theo Group and
the work that you're
doing before we have go kind of
out of the way, unconscious--
>>GILLETTE: Oh.
>>REGINA: --while we
still have you here.
>>GILLETTE: Well, it's been
a phenomenal year, Regina.
We've launched many new programs
and many, many new teachings
with Theo that have
just been life changing.
People's lives
have been changed.
And it's just so
gratifying to see
what's happening in the world.
People are opening up.
We've launched Thrive
programs, which
are soul integrative programs.
Theo's teaching on how to get
through those limiting beliefs.
And then we started
something new,
a psychic and
spiritual exploration
program that allows
people to get
in touch with their
own psychic ability,
their own abilities, their own
connectivity to their angels
and spirit guides.
And that's been so much fun.
People are really engaged
and finding out they're
more than they think they are.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
And you know, for people
that maybe are seeing you
on this show for the
first time or who
for some reason aren't
aware of your work,
the Theo Group's
always been really
big on letting people
know that they need
to access their own sources,
and their own guides,
even their own true self.
And one of the people very long
ago was Esther Hicks, right?
>>GILLETTE: That's true, yeah.
>>REGINA: She was a devotee
of the Theo Group's work.
And they told her, well, you
can do this too, you know?
And she was doggedly
determined to do it.
And she broke through.
And then she found
her connection
with her group,
the Abraham Group.
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
>>REGINA: But that's one person
we bring up because others
may know about her.
But so many other people
have broken through--
>>GILLETTE: Many, many.
>>REGINA: --to their
own guides as a result.
And is this becoming a
more prominent theme,
would you say, from the Theo
Group, the need for humanity
to really start connecting?
>>GILLETTE: Yes, it is.
Because, you know, it's
just not that I can do this
or that Esther can
connect with Abraham.
We all can.
We all have guidance that's
ever present around us.
All we have to do is ask.
And so many times, our limiting
beliefs that we're not worthy
are part of why people
don't believe in themselves.
And the Law of
Attraction-- Theo told us
the reason the Law of
Attraction doesn't work,
the Law of Manifestation, is
that you don't believe it.
>>REGINA: It's true.
That is true.
>>GILLETTE: So it's
a way of getting
in touch with that
belief, releasing
those restrictive
beliefs, and realizing
that that which breathes you,
that which is inside you,
is so much bigger than
you can even imagine.
And your connectivity to your
source and your higher self
is right there.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GILLETTE: And
you can utilize it.
>>REGINA: And the thing is,
people say, oh no, I really,
really believe it.
I really want to be a
professional ice skater,
you know, without owning
a pair of ice skates
and knowing how to skate, right?
But that the thing is--
that's a dramatic example.
But there is-- usually it's
a subconscious mechanism that
is blocking people
from embracing
what they say they truly want.
You can do vision
boards all day.
But if you have
a program running
saying, you can't do
it, you can't do it,
it's not going to happen.
>>GILLETTE: Well, it's the
thing you think most about.
You can put out the thought,
think all the good thoughts,
but then what are the
thoughts that come after that?
Those are the limitations,
those not-enoughnesses Oh, it's
for somebody else.
And affirmations
are just wishes.
>>REGINA: Yeah, exactly.
>>GILLETTE: You know, and you
can say as many as you want.
But then there has to
be some action steps.
And those action
steps are really
looking into those
limiting beliefs.
Who inside of you
has that belief?
What age?
What was the situation
and circumstance
that you adopted a belief about
yourself that just isn't true?
>>REGINA: Well, and
they'll even go so far as
to say, as I would as well, that
these may be carried forward
from other times,
other lifetimes even.
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
>>REGINA: So we
have no awareness
that there is a deeply held
belief blocking us on any given
number of subjects.
>>GILLETTE: And that's what this
soul integrational process is
about that Theo
has brought forth--
and that we do a lot of
teaching in our Thrive classes
and our Accelerator
classes of really getting
in touch with those, as Theo
says, fragmented aspects
of our soul that hold those
beliefs, where they came from,
and how to change and release
them, rewriting the script.
>>REGINA: Mhm,
rewriting the script--
we're going to get into some
of that in this discussion with
Theo a little later too--
>>GILLETTE: Great.
>>REGINA: --about
timelines and things.
Do you notice-- since I haven't
seen you for a year plus--
have you noticed that there are
certain themes of questioning
that come up, you know,
as the years go on where
certain types of
questions become
more prominent at a
given time than others?
And if so, what
would you say might
be really kind of
prominent theme
you're hearing over
and over from people?
>>GILLETTE: The theme we're
talking about-- people
want their lives to change.
They're tired with
the status quo.
And they're willing to
take the steps to do it.
Those are the people
I'm hearing from.
>>REGINA: Mhm.
>>GILLETTE: When they
get in touch with Theo,
it's a university program.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>GILLETTE: It's not an
elementary program at all.
There has to be a
commitment to really want
to make the changes, or
things stay the same.
That desire and dream that
the person, the ice skater,
may want, it can happen.
But there has to be a decision
made for it, not just a wish.
>>REGINA: That reminds
me of something
else I'm going to
ask them about.
Thank you for sharing.
[LAUGHTER]
>>GILLETTE: You're welcome.
>>REGINA: I have a list
of questions already,
but I'm adding to
it by the minute.
So let's see-- so
right now, just
give us an idea, because
you're a little-- you're OK,
but you're a little groggy
when you come back afterward.
So best to get everything,
all our business taken
care of up front.
>>GILLETTE: OK.
>>REGINA: So again, the
levels of classes and courses
that you slash Theo are
teaching right now are what?
>>GILLETTE: We have
the Thrive class,
which is the introductory,
foundational class of the soul
integrational process.
Then we have the
accelerator class
that's starting in January
that's a six months course.
It's two live events
bookending and the six month
online course.
And it's very much a deep dive
into that soul integration,
the changing of limiting
beliefs, and envisioning
how you want your life to
live, and making it happen.
And we have another course
called Psychic and Spiritual
Exploration, which
is getting in touch
with your own intuitive gifts.
And what are they?
We describe and explain all the
different ways of receiving--
clairaudience, clairvoyance--
>>REGINA: Right.
>>GILLETTE: --clairsentience,
all of those ways
that we receive
intuitive information.
We explore those.
We talk about them.
And then we experiment.
And it is so much fun.
>>REGINA: That is really neat.
Because a lot of people
who haven't necessarily
consciously touched in
with their intuitive side
have an idea that, oh,
well, so-and-so channels,
or so-and-so sees pictures,
so-and-so is dictated through.
But in reality, it can be
a combination of the above.
And everyone is so
unique in how it happens.
>>GILLETTE: Well, yeah.
>>REGINA: Then
there's just knowing.
>>GILLETTE: Well, and
it comes in a way,
firstly, in a way that you're
psychologically and emotionally
comfortable with.
Because if it doesn't,
you'll shut off completely.
You become frightened.
So it can be sensory perception
where your body speaks to you.
You get a feeling,
gut level feeling.
And then it could be
you get a message.
You hear something.
Or visionary people get messages
and pictures and dreams.
And then it can blend into a
combination of those things,
as you said--
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GILLETTE: --as
we're more comfortable
with our receptivity.
>>REGINA: Yes.
I'm thinking back to a time, oh,
maybe 25 years, 30 years ago,
just about 30 years ago when
I was playing with all of this
and trying to get my wings
going so it was reliable,
I could reliably connect.
And I had a couple years before
read Ruth Montgomery's book,
A World Beyond.
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
>>REGINA: So it
wasn't surprising
then when a day came
where I got the nudge
to do automatic writing, right?
Because I knew about it.
I didn't know about
much else at that time,
you know, other than
straight up psychic work.
And so for me, that
was an entry point.
But it only lasted
actually a very short time.
And then it moved on to other
forms of receiving information.
So there's an
introductory period.
Like you say, I was
psychologically primed
for that, right?
>>GILLETTE: Mhm.
Well, and that was
my lineage as well.
I started with
automatic writing.
And it came through.
And then I tranced
spontaneously and became
a direct voice, medium--
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GILLETTE: --and a
direct voice channel.
And at the time this
all happened to me,
the word channel
wasn't even connected--
>>REGINA: No.
>>GILLETTE: --to this work--
>>GILLETTE: --as I'm sure it
was when you were starting out.
>>REGINA: I didn't know in
those days what channeling was.
I found out a few years
later, but not at the time.
>>GILLETTE: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Yeah, so
here we are now.
And see there's one thing.
And you know, it's
a little bone I
have to pick with it is that
we're now channeling has now
been overused.
>>GILLETTE: Very much so.
>>REGINA: And many
people who are basically
getting intuitive guidance
from their higher self
or maybe even their
guides call it channeling.
But channeling is
something different.
>>GILLETTE: Very different, mhm.
>>REGINA: It's not like
doing an intuitive reading.
And maybe you can explain the
difference between the two
for anyone who
doesn't understand.
>>GILLETTE: An intuitive
reading is something
that you feel, see, and know.
Channeling is a different form.
It's like I do.
I was described as a
direct voice medium.
>>REGINA: Mhm.
>>GILLETTE: And
what that means is
I allow, Theo, the
group Theo, the angels,
to use my body to speak through
and to give the messages.
And that's rare.
>>REGINA: Mhm,
that is more rare.
And I appreciate that.
Because I've had the benefit of
knowing another clairchannel.
Not too long after I started
doing my auto-writing and all
that, I met another woman whom
you know about named Linda
and had the advantage of
that kind of information
for decades.
And at the same time-- I think
you started even prior to her--
she didn't even know
what channeling was.
It didn't have a name
when she started doing it.
But she ended up allowing her
body and her voice to be used.
>>GILLETTE: I
didn't know either.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>GILLETTE: And all of this
started happening to me
in 1969--
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GILLETTE: --and '70.
And so I had the angelic
guidance confirming.
And then they directed
some scientists to me.
I don't know how
they came, but I was
toasted for my psychic ability.
But I didn't have
anybody to rely
on other than somebody who told
me to read an Edgar Cayce book.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>GILLETTE: And then I went, oh,
that's what's happening to me.
Because what happened
to him happened to me
with the voice coming through.
So I was led to these things
by the guidance I was given.
So hence, what
happened to me early on
is I realized that I
wanted to be someone
who would be there
for people opening up,
because I didn't have anybody.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>GILLETTE: And so that's
why we started the programs
that we have, to be in support.
And that's what I
was with Esther,
giving her support to open.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GILLETTE: Because
it's extraordinary.
But we're making the
extraordinary the ordinary
right now.
>>REGINA: The time is for
this to become ordinary.
It's to become a normal
part of our lives.
>>GILLETTE: Very much so.
>>REGINA: And OK,
well, with that,
why don't we go ahead and
talk with the Theo Group
about some juicy topics today?
>>GILLETTE: OK.
>>REGINA: And so we'll
see you afterward
and chat for a few minutes
after you're done, OK?
>>GILLETTE: That would be great.
And I always love
your questions.
[LAUGHTER]
So this will be fun.
It is the beginning, is it not?
>>REGINA: Yes it is.
Hello, Theo.
>>GILLETTE: We are
appreciative of the opportunity
to be of service to you.
You may ask?
>>REGINA: Well,
Theo, this time I
thought we would go into the
area of kind of non-linear time
and the way in which
humans incarnate.
We have a lot of information
and misunderstood information
on this planet as
to what a soul is
capable of doing from
incarnation to incarnation
and throughout timelines.
So I'd like to start
this line of questioning
if you're OK with this.
Is this OK, this line?
>>GILLETTE: It is of
acceptance, your asking.
>>REGINA: OK.
I'd like to start with the
notion of parallel lives
and whether or not a
soul has the capability
to incarnate in more
than one body or vehicle
at a given time.
>>GILLETTE: Parallel
lives-- there
are such in multi-dimensional
experiences,
for there is no time.
A soul is vast.
One cannot perceive
how large the soul is.
That which breathes
you, inside of you,
is much larger than you
can possibly imagine.
And it is a
multi-dimensional being.
So one would not necessarily
incarnate into a physical form,
but in dimensions having
experiences and learnings.
Yes.
>>REGINA: So if
a person is maybe
dropping into another
reality spontaneously
where they feel like they're
living literally a life that's
running parallel to
their own where they're
having in this other
experience, you're
saying that is likely
happening in another dimension?
Or does it also happen-- well,
I'll ask you that in a minute.
Is most likely happening
in another dimension then?
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
Yes.
>>REGINA: And is it--
>>GILLETTE: You are aware of
double exposed photography
or triple exposed, yes?
>>REGINA: Mhm.
>>GILLETTE: You can
liken it to that image.
There's an image upon an image
upon an image that exists, yes?
>>REGINA: Mhm.
>>GILLETTE: So
that gives the mind
some visual picture,
because humans think
in pictures or experiences.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GILLETTE: So
that could be what
we describe as a way
to try to understand
that multi-dimensionality.
There are layers.
>>REGINA: Some people say that
in this field of potential,
you make a decision,
and it sends you
down one course of, you
know, experience or reality.
>>GILLETTE: Correct.
>>REGINA: Some people say
that those other potentials
remain alive rather than going
dormant once the decision has
been made to choose one.
What's actually going on there?
>>GILLETTE: They're
opportunities, aren't they?
>>REGINA: Mhm.
>>GILLETTE: So opportunities
are always there.
There are no missed
opportunities.
The soul chooses perfectly
the line of action for growth.
But you're a multi-dimensional
being how being
a finite human body experience.
However, you are not
limited to that body.
>>REGINA: So any of
those other choice points
might be playing out had
you made that decision
in another dimension.
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
>>REGINA: So you can say, I'm
going to be a scientist here,
or I'm going to be
an actress there.
And perhaps your physical
reality plays one of them out,
but the other
aspects of yourself
may be playing out
the other choices that
could have been made.
>>GILLETTE: It is possible, yes.
>>REGINA: Might that
happen more with a soul who
really wants both
and can't see how
to do both in one incarnation?
>>GILLETTE: It can,
or it can happen
in multiple incarnations.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GILLETTE: But the
energy is there.
>>REGINA: Does this--
then would lead me on to--
and I have a personal
question following
it-- but the notion of
us a split incarnation
where the same soul is occupying
two bodies then on Earth
or wherever, but say in this
reality, at the same time.
Does that ever occur?
>>GILLETTE: That is what
one would call a twin flame.
>>REGINA: Yes, that
is another word, yes.
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
That does occur.
>>REGINA: Is it a common
thing or not so common?
And can you explain under
what conditions a soul
might choose to do this.
>>GILLETTE: It is not
so common, because there
are those parts of the
soul that are always
present whether
incarnate or not.
So there are times which
there is the choice that there
are those parallel
lives lived in one time
frame or incarnation.
Yes.
>>REGINA: OK, so this is
more of a personal question,
because I've always
wondered about it.
My son Stuart and I seem to have
the same experiences in life.
And it's to a bizarre extent.
It can be very literal
from day to day.
It can be overarching themes.
But we're having
the same experience,
working on the same themes.
Even if we don't talk to
each other for a couple weeks
at a time, it'll turn out we've
been doing the same thing,
cooking the same thing.
It's almost like we're having
a similar incarnation, but him
in a younger male body, a
generation younger, and me
as his mother.
What is actually happening
in a situation like that?
>>GILLETTE: That is a
twin flame experience--
the masculine and the
feminine expressed.
>>REGINA: You know, I
really resisted that idea.
But it's so funny, we
just laugh about it.
I just say, hey, why don't I
just give you a call, Stuart,
and find out how I'm feeling?
[LAUGHTER]
Because it's so literal.
And I thought, now
how interesting
might that be to give birth
to a being who you're also
going to incarnate, in terms
of rapid learning of the earth
experience?
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
But it's a soul's choice.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GILLETTE: And there's a
fuller understanding of it--
>>REGINA: So--
>>GILLETTE: --and a reason
for it, for the soul
chooses perfectly.
>>REGINA: Yes.
So in that case, might
I, my being, my soul,
have chosen to first
I occupy this body
and then give birth
to another body
that I can occupy who is
picking up the information I've
gathered over a lifetime,
and starting at that point,
and vastly going to
transcend whatever
I know in his lifetime?
Is that possible--
>>GILLETTE: It is.
>>REGINA: --that it's
for a rapid learning?
>>GILLETTE: It is.
>>REGINA: Is that
something that is--
I assume that's not
a normal thing to do,
but maybe for a person
that's impatient like me
that would be normal?
>>GILLETTE: It's
extraordinary, isn't it?
Or it would seem to be
in the conscious thinking
of humankind.
>>REGINA: But it also seems very
efficient to just kind of tag
in your incarnations rather
than waiting between.
Why not just pick it up and
continue the body of learning?
>>GILLETTE: It does that.
And then there are those
who are in relationship,
can vary in age as
well, expressing.
Many have romanticized
this, you see?
>>REGINA: Yes, the
notion of twin flame.
>>GILLETTE: Yes,
and also soul mate.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GILLETTE: And what
it is is connectivity
on a vibrational level of
soul that is of its likeness.
>>REGINA: So a twin flame
romantic relationship
is playing out the sexual
polarity of a soul with itself.
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
>>REGINA: Can you expand
on that a little bit?
>>GILLETTE: And many have
work to do together and need
the masculine and feminine
balance of that work--
just as you and your son, he
giving the masculine side--
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GILLETTE: --and you the
feminine, even though there
is that within you both.
>>REGINA: Mhm.
>>GILLETTE: Yes?
>>GILLETTE: It's quite
complex, isn't it?
>>REGINA: It's very complex.
When I finally got comfortable
with the notion that
might be the case,
I thought, that's
really kind of an interesting
ride, super quick learning.
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
>>REGINA: Mhm.
And I can already see, I
look at something he's doing.
And I think, ah, what
have I not learned
in this time that would be
reflected in his being learning
that aspect of
our soul, learning
what he's learning now?
>>GILLETTE: And then
you retain it as well.
>>REGINA: Yes, because
we learn in tandem.
>>GILLETTE: Correct.
>>REGINA: When one of
us learns something,
the other picks it
up really rapidly.
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
>>REGINA: Wow.
Yeah, well, thank you
for answering that.
I've kind of suspected
that might be the case.
OK, so when we're looking--
I think the twin flame thing,
it has been somewhat
misunderstood on this plane.
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
>>REGINA: We tend
to say, oh, this
is my twin flame when it's
someone that we're just
in resonance with.
It doesn't necessarily
mean twin flame the way
you're saying it--
>>GILLETTE: Correct.
>>REGINA: --as in a
split incarnation.
>>GILLETTE: Correct.
>>REGINA: It might just mean
a high degree of compatibility
or recognition.
>>GILLETTE: Or soul family.
>>REGINA: Or soul family.
>>GILLETTE: And soul family of
souls of the same vibration.
>>REGINA: Can you talk a
little bit about soul family
and how we continue to weave
together throughout time
and, well, throughout non-linear
time, what appears to be time?
>>GILLETTE: There are souls on
the same vibrational frequency
that incarnate together to
support each other's growth
time and time again,
interacting and changing roles,
different actors in
the play, if you would,
and meet and support each
other, and that times
can be the foil in one's life.
For where does one learn best?
Not when it's easy, comfortable,
but when challenged.
Yes?
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GILLETTE: So they can
be those who challenge
as well-- sacred
challenges, you might
say, but of like understanding.
So when you communicate,
it is as you know them.
You see them vibrationally.
And you can interact on
a level of conversation
that is understood.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GILLETTE: And those who
are not soul family, there's
a missed communication.
>>REGINA: Maybe an--
>>GILLETTE: There's not
a match vibration really.
>>REGINA: Maybe there's no
ability to really understand
each other.
>>GILLETTE: Correct.
>>REGINA: It's like I just
don't understand how they think.
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
>>REGINA: Mhm.
So it would be also
efficient to continue
to incarnate among those where
you may have your challenges,
but you can at least understand
the basis of thinking.
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
And there can be
conversation and growth.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GILLETTE: Even in,
hm, opposite opinions,
there's growth, you see?
>>REGINA: Yeah, absolutely.
So let's--
>>GILLETTE: Because you meet
on a level of understanding.
>>REGINA: Mhm.
Of common understanding.
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
>>REGINA: Yes.
And that goes deep.
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
And there are soul contracts--
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GILLETTE: -- that are made
to come into a particular time,
to meet at a particular
time, and to interact
at the particular time together
for whatever learning has been
chosen.
>>REGINA: Mhm.
What about the black
sheep in the family?
>>GILLETTE: They could
be the contrary one, yes?
>>REGINA: Mhm.
It doesn't mean you're
not soul family, per se.
Because a lot of people
say, I'm the black sheep.
I don't think like my family.
A lot of people
watching the show
would say they're black sheep,
because they leapt ahead
in their thinking.
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
We're not speaking of
linear family at all here.
It can be.
Oftentimes, it is not.
So those who say, I am the
black sheep, I don't fit in,
I'm not of the
same understanding
of these beings-- that
happens to those who are
the way shower to a new way.
>>REGINA: Mhm.
>>GILLETTE: So it is true.
They are not soul
family, but they
will meet their soul family
that will be supportive,
and connected, and are
not always together
in the same location.
They are global.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GILLETTE: Yes?
>>REGINA: Mhm.
And, well, certainly technology
is allowing for more of that
now, for people
to find their soul
families through
technology, online,
such as what we're
doing right now.
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
>>REGINA: And so it's, again,
this efficiency, right--
of speeding up, of meeting
with the like resonance beings
of soul family--
>>GILLETTE: That it is.
>>REGINA: --where it might have
taken forever to find your soul
family in times past.
>>GILLETTE: Yes, but you're
living in a different time.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GILLETTE: The fifth
dimensionary energy
has brought this forth,
this rapid movement
of growth, this 100 years of
great invention, if you would,
your technology, bringing
the world together,
a global community, a
common unity of humankind,
which allows for
education to come forth,
and that you all
can work together,
and the meeting of soul family.
Yes.
>>REGINA: What about looking at
this from another point of view
that is more challenging in that
as each soul is a co-creator
and has a hand in
their own reality, what
is a proper, from your
perspective, way for us
to view things which we
find really abhorrent, where
say a person has chosen
to incarnate and be
part of a family that has major
violence patterns and such.
And we watch this,
especially children.
And we say, oh,
this is horrible.
What's happened to
this little child?
And your heart bleeds.
You want to reach out, and you
want to save the little child.
These are touchy areas.
>>GILLETTE: They are
touchy, because you learn
compassion in human experience.
However, one must trust and
not judge the soul's journey.
Not to be in judgment,
for you know not
what the soul has
chosen to learn from.
But to love the soul, the
divinity of that being-- yes--
you don't have to like the
personality or their actions
in their human experience.
Yes?
>>REGINA: Yes.
And I think a lot of
the thought goes more
toward the victim,
the perceived victim.
But that person has incarnated
into that family pattern
for a reason.
>>GILLETTE: Yes-- to
have the soul learning,
and to have the information,
to have the compassion.
>>REGINA: Mhm.
>>GILLETTE: Yes?
>>GILLETTE: Understand this.
There's a terrorist
in each and every one
of you, that part of self.
And what we speak of in the
integrative process, the soul
integration, is how to
discover that, soothe
and love that part of
self because it is only
based in fear and
lack of understanding
in all beliefs, that then can
bring that part of self home
into the wholeness of the
being and the recognition
of the divinity that you are.
>>REGINA: Yes.
And what of societies?
I mean, on earth it's such
a mixed bag of levels.
I don't even like the word
levels-- of differences--
in the way in which we learn,
in the way in which we choose
to learn, the patterns
we're seeking and trying
to adopt-- such a vast
difference in the way people
live, where what is not even
remotely acceptable in one
culture, or soul group even, is
totally acceptable in another.
Is this common to have this
variance of experience,
and knowledge, and
learning on a given planet?
Or are we unique?
>>GILLETTE: It is for
the earthly plane.
>>REGINA: And so I'm saying,
are we unique in that sense?
>>GILLETTE: It is unique to
the learning of the emotions.
But it's also the beautiful
tapestry of the human species,
isn't it?
>>REGINA: Mhm.
>>GILLETTE: So it is to
look with different lenses,
not in judgment to better than,
lesser than, right or wrong--
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GILLETTE: --but the uniqueness
but also the common threads,
the commonalities of all of you.
They're just
different expressions.
Are they not?
>>REGINA: They are.
I think part of my
question was, as you say,
this is normal for
the earth plane.
But are there many
other singular species
out there that have
such a variance of ways
in which living happens on
their planets, in their systems?
Is that as varied as we are?
>>GILLETTE: It is.
But know there are
billions of other planets.
>>REGINA: Yes, inhabited.
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GILLETTE: Billions of them.
>>REGINA: Because
sometimes we think
of this as a bit of a zoo.
You know, just throw a
little of this and that in.
And there has been much said
through the works of people
and historically that this is
more of an experiment of sorts
here.
>>GILLETTE: Everything is
an experiment, isn't it?
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GILLETTE: Yes?
>>REGINA: Mhm.
>>GILLETTE: Life
is an experiment.
But recognize your planet
has many living things--
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GILLETTE: --many cultures.
You have the human
species that have
varied and different cultures
that they express through.
You have animal species that
have their own culture, yes?
So it is quite
diverse, if you would.
Again, we speak of the
beautiful tapestry of the earth.
>>REGINA: Yes, and animals
sleeping with people-- I mean,
how many of us have our
little dogs, and cats,
and I don't know, chipmunks
sleeping in our beds at night?
And I've always
thought, what must it
look like from outside species
to see the way in which all
of these different species
here mix it up and live side
by side--
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
>>REGINA: --and
adapt to each other.
>>GILLETTE: And adapt, and live
comfortably together if they so
choose.
It is fear that
dominates the judgement.
It is perpetuated by
the thought that one
is lesser than another.
What is happening in this
fifth dimensionary energy,
present now, is the recognition
that you're all the same
and that you can
survive upon this planet
by fulfilling that with
love, not judgment and fear.
>>REGINA: Yes.
Yesterday, I did a
couple of interviews
that were intriguing that had
to do with species that we have
always called extraterrestrial
that actually the two
interviewees were
saying, I think
we're calling it
something wrong.
Because there are species,
other species of humanoids,
who have lived alongside
us, maybe out of sight,
maybe underground,
maybe in remote places,
perhaps as long as
we've been here.
Is that the way
you see it as well?
>>GILLETTE: We do.
>>REGINA: And can you
tell us a little bit
about the earth itself?
Because now, you know,
there are explorations
trying to find out what
truly is at the core, how
we have this rush of oxygen at
the core, how we have humanoid
species living underneath,
deep underneath the earth
or underneath the oceans.
Can you just give
us your reflection
on what that looks like
from where you are?
>>GILLETTE: It's true.
There are many species
upon this planet living.
But there's also those who have
incarnate that look like you.
You are all what you
would call alien--
>>REGINA: Mhm.
>>GILLETTE: --if you would, yes?
Because you've all lived other
places, universally speaking.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GILLETTE: So you are
visitors to this planet.
>>REGINA: And so those
who are underground,
while they may not look exactly
like we do or feel emotionally
in the same way we
do, have existed
in their own way in their
own culture here for perhaps
as long as humanity or longer?
>>GILLETTE: They have.
>>REGINA: Mhm.
And why is it now that this
is starting to surface,
no pun intended?
>>GILLETTE: It is the energy
that is about the earth.
It's a time.
And it's been a
quickening of time
and an elevation of vibration
from the third dimension
to the higher dimensions
of the earthly plane.
The fifth is fully
around the earth
now, which is a greater
understanding of all that is.
The sixth will be
expressed in physical form.
There are 12 dimensions
about the earth.
And as the individual
incarnates in those
are expressed more
fully on the earth,
the sixth will be the one that
is fully expressed physically.
But those in the sixth dimension
will be connected at all times
to the others.
>>REGINA: What do you
mean, to the others?
>>GILLETTE: Seventh, eighth,
ninth, tenth, 11th, and 12th.
>>REGINA: OK, the other
fields, the other planes.
>>GILLETTE: Science has already
attested to 11 dimensions.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GILLETTE: They will
recognize the 12th soon.
>>REGINA: OK.
As for the human
interface with the beings
I was just mentioning,
the fear seems
to come from people who
have relayed information
of having encounters with
the humanoid type species
under the earth-- and that
they feel overwhelmed,
because the other has greater
telepathic ability, perhaps
a greater ability
of mastery of mind
to affect the mind of
the person standing
before them making them
feel stunned, or powerless,
or whatever it is.
Can you speak to
this a little bit,
and maybe explain the reality
of that, and how it would best
be viewed by people on the
surface of the earth that
might encounter some of
these beings one day?
>>GILLETTE: So it is a
perception, isn't it?
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GILLETTE: What we're
speaking to now is that you all
have that capability.
You just haven't believed
that it's possible.
>>REGINA: And they've
been using it.
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
And that's what we're speaking
about in the fifth dimensionary
energy and beyond,
is those capabilities
are emerging and being utilized
on a daily basis by all of you
now.
>>REGINA: We're mesmerizing
each other without knowing it.
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
You're communicating
telepathically.
You think of someone.
You engage with him.
You visualize them.
And they call you on the phone.
Yes?
Or they make contact
in some way with you,
because they've felt the
vibration, the connectivity.
>>REGINA: Mhm.
>>GILLETTE: So it's
already happening.
>>REGINA: It is.
And we're starting to
recognize that it's happening.
And going back to the question
I asked you a moment ago, I
think another area of fear
among humans about this
in this type of encounter
comes around the fact
that the emotional body is
perceived very differently
of the beings that
they're encountering
from under the surface, the
other humanoid entities.
There doesn't seem to be
that kind of familiar warmth
that the human species knows
and recognizes in each other.
Can you talk about the emotional
structure of the others
and what it's going to
take for the two species
to effectively live
alongside in open one day?
>>GILLETTE: They're
more observatory.
They're trying to
figure you out just
as you are trying
to figure them out,
you see, and
understand one another.
But you've also met, have you
not, those who are not warm--
>>REGINA: Mhm, definitely.
>>GILLETTE: --that have a
certain persona within them,
that are the watchers--
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GILLETTE: --or
the observers, yes?
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GILLETTE: Very similar, just
different personality traits.
>>REGINA: And of course, anybody
listening now would say, well,
you have to ask them.
But are they actually
experimenting on us
like we experiment on
other animal species?
And is that an agreed upon thing
between the humanoid beings
and the human race?
>>GILLETTE: It is agreed
upon, and they're not
harming, just fearful.
>>REGINA: Many are
frightening, yes.
>>GILLETTE: It's
not to be afraid.
And they can enrich the
physical body vibrationally--
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GILLETTE: --to better health.
Thank you for sharing that.
Because it's interesting,
I just talked
with other people for two
hours about this yesterday.
And one of the people says
we should be very afraid,
you know, to be frightened
of those who are different,
others of all kinds.
And I don't really
see it that way.
>>GILLETTE: That's all
conspiratorial, isn't it?
>>REGINA: Yes, it is.
>>GILLETTE: To be afraid is what
has created the divisiveness
within species--
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GILLETTE: --within countries.
>>GILLETTE: What we speak about
is holding that space of love
is very transformative
and in doing such,
allows the openness of learning.
>>REGINA: Yes.
I hear what you're saying,
and I agree with that.
I mean, there's
really nothing that
was said in that
conversation I'm
referring to about the way in
which others might treat us
that we don't do to ourselves
and do to other species
as well.
>>GILLETTE: You do much
worse unto yourselves.
>>REGINA: Yes, we do.
We've done--
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
>>REGINA: --horrid
things as human to human.
And so that's why I don't find
that a really good argument
that we should be frightened.
>>GILLETTE: That's an
old paradigm, isn't it?
>>REGINA: Yes, an old paradigm.
Now I'd like to
ask you a question
having to do with time frames.
As you mentioned earlier,
time is non-linear.
And an area that is
interesting is the notion
of being able to connect with
ourselves in what we would
commonly refer to as a
past time or experience
to effect a future outcome or
let's say a present outcome.
Can we go back,
essentially-- there
have been movie
themes about this--
and make a decision differently
or redo something in the past
and change our present outcome?
>>GILLETTE: Of course.
>>REGINA: Can you tell us
a little bit about that?
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
It's done the soul integrated
process continually with some,
where you discover a part
of fragmentation that
has been from another
time that has influenced
the present lifetime
and the way one
reacts to situations
and circumstances.
So when one recognizes
this part of self that
is held in the past experience
and then soothes, and comforts,
and loves that part of self,
it changes that dynamic
with the revelation of it.
>>REGINA: So for us to
do this consciously,
can it be something as simple
as holding a state that we would
consider to be more of a
perfected state of whatever
that reality is in mind and
essentially merge with that?
Can we do something that simple?
>>GILLETTE: You recognize the
situation and circumstance
that occurred that
fragmented your soul.
The higher self of you,
the adult self of you
in this lifetime
or the higher self,
soothes and comforts that
part of self of the past
and brings it forward
into this time fully--
>>REGINA: Mhm.
>>GILLETTE:
--unencumbered from those
old believes by the love and
the, hm, change in the belief.
>>REGINA: And there has to
be, from what I have witnessed
and experienced,
an absolute call
it belief that this is possible
and this is how it works.
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
>>REGINA: You can't
have doubt and get
the outcome you're looking for.
>>GILLETTE: When
you do the process,
you will not have doubt.
>>REGINA: There you go.
>>GILLETTE: For it it's
real in your reality.
And it's understood.
And you have that communication.
>>REGINA: And yet
each soul's journey
presents us with a challenge
here and the challenge there
for our own learning.
So it doesn't necessarily
mean that we will absolutely
change a present outcome if
it's not within the soul's
desire, right?
>>GILLETTE: That's correct.
>>REGINA: There may
be something we simply
have to contend with
for our learning.
>>GILLETTE: It's all
learning, isn't it?
>>REGINA: Mhm.
>>GILLETTE: It's just how
you perceive the learning
that you can change.
You can either think
of it as difficult,
or you can think of
it as an opportunity.
Yes?
>>REGINA: Mhm.
>>GILLETTE: Inviting
it in to see
how much you can learn from
it rather than the resistance
to it-- for it becomes
much easier to invite
the opportunity to
learn and gain as much
that can be gained from
the experience moving
forward and knowing that you
then have compassion for others
and can assist them in likeness.
>>REGINA: So sometimes it
might mean your being needs
to be in physical pain in order
to have compassion for those
with pain and yourself.
>>GILLETTE: Correct.
>>REGINA: Mhm.
OK, now on a similar
note, about time--
because in human
terms, of course,
we have a very difficult
time with the notion
of non-linear time.
Because our entire construct
has been set up in our minds.
We're mentally interwoven with
the notion of one, two, three.
It's 12 o'clock, 3
o'clock, 6 o'clock.
And, you know, it's
this year or that.
And so we are linear.
We're very linear
in our thinking.
But experiences happen
all the time to people
where it almost seems as
though what you experience
has already occurred.
In other words, I
think something.
And the words are
right there in my head.
I say something.
And boom, on the news, someone
says those exact words a minute
later.
What's actually
happening in these cases
that we all experience?
>>GILLETTE: That you're
connected to the vibration
of all that is.
And so you are aware.
Some call that
pre-cognition, yes?
It's intuition.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>GILLETTE: It's an awareness.
There is also the thinking of
an individual placing an intent,
and then they receive the
message and contact you.
>>REGINA: Yes, that too.
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
>>REGINA: But this would
be simply like time
slipping back and forth.
You say something as though
it's already occurred,
and then it happens a
second or a minute later.
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
>>REGINA: The exact thing
happens a second or a minute
later.
>>GILLETTE: A time delay.
>>REGINA: A time delay, exactly.
>>GILLETTE: Yes?
>>REGINA: Where that
brings us to the question,
if it's even a
couple second time
delay, how far in this
fuzzy spectrum of time
can reality have already been
created before we hook up
with it in the third dimensional
sense or in our physical realm?
>>GILLETTE: It can be very
far ahead or moments away,
as you spoke.
>>REGINA: Well, I ask you this
because one scientist says
that there's a-- they
use the word positive,
negative aspect to time.
There's a mirrored
aspect of time
in that you almost
can't make a mistake,
because the reality in
the other reversed pattern
has already occurred-- which
sounds-- you listen to that
and think, that's rather
fatalistic on one hand.
But then when we get into
subjects and the word entropy,
for example, that the
world of physics uses,
where the likelihood of you
choosing a particular reality
is so high, in a sense, you
can say that you have already
created an outcome--
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
>>REGINA: --just because
you're programmed
into a predictive
behavior almost.
>>GILLETTE: That is true.
But also you've been making
choices all along the way--
>>REGINA: That's
part of it, yes.
>>GILLETTE: --that
you're creating.
So if you make a
decision for something,
then the universal field
or the quantum field
of which you speak about is
there to attach and align
with it to make it so.
>>REGINA: Where does
will come into it then?
We make choice, choice, choice.
And then you have will to
follow through on something.
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
When a decision is made,
a no-doubted decision,
you will do it.
It is a must.
That's where the energy
aligns to make it so.
Because you have made the
decision a must without doubt.
Where you're talking
about is the wobble
between the decision--
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GILLETTE: --and the belief.
>>GILLETTE: So what you
are talking about now
is a decision made.
The belief is
steadfast, for it's
without doubt you will do this.
So then the quantum
field aligns,
bringing all that is
necessary structurally,
whether it's money, people,
or things, to have the outcome
that you've decided for.
>>REGINA: Then that brings
up another question, which
is, what if the decision
you've made is not in alignment
with what the soul is trying
to accomplish in this lifetime?
>>GILLETTE: That never happens.
>>REGINA: Really?
Any random decision then?
If it's like--
>>GILLETTE: There are not.
>>REGINA: OK, so you're saying
even what seems to be random,
even what seems to be
frivolous, is actually still
in alignment with the soul.
>>GILLETTE: Soul-directed.
>>REGINA: So if it's
soul-directed in that sense,
then once you have made
a decision concretely
and you are exerting
your will behind that,
it should come to pass.
There shouldn't be
any conflict there.
>>GILLETTE: We see
it as such, yes.
>>REGINA: Why do people
have so much trouble then
manifesting what they wish?
>>GILLETTE: Because they
don't believe they can.
>>REGINA: So there's still
the underlying belief they
don't deserve it or whatever.
>>GILLETTE: That's-- yes.
It is the wobble we speak about.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GILLETTE: They can
make a decision for it,
but they must believe in it.
That's where we say, when
there are no-doubtedness.
What happens when a decision
is made, there is resistance.
That is the part of self,
the unworthy part that
comes or surfaces.
It is like, the, mm, rocket
ship going to outer space.
It takes off.
It has certain boosters
that send it forward.
And then it meets the
gravitational pull
of the earth.
A person has that gravitational
pull to the old way of being.
The rocket ship
has booster rockets
that then engage to push on
through the gravitational pull
to outer space.
>>REGINA: Mhm.
>>GILLETTE: Yes?
>>GILLETTE: With a person,
their booster rocket
is the beliefs, the
no-doubtedness that
allows them to push through
the gravitational pull
of resistance and lack of belief
to align with the outcome.
>>REGINA: Mhm.
>>GILLETTE: That's where the
no-doubtedness serves them.
>>REGINA: And when you have
that feeling of no-doubtedness,
as you call it, that usually
is the soul speaking.
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
>>REGINA: It's not just a
whimsical idea that sounds,
you know-- it's passing.
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
And most often, it is illogical
to condition-based thinking.
>>REGINA: Yes.
And that's a very good point.
Because it comes
out of left field.
And we think, what?
I'm supposed to sell my house.
And I'm supposed to
pack up my family
and leave and go to wherever?
But I can't do that.
So those kinds of
things that happen,
but you just know it in your
being, you have to do it,
that's the soul speaking.
>>GILLETTE: And you
move through that.
>>REGINA: And you move through.
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
>>REGINA: Mhm.
Theo, we're going to
have to bring Sheila back
in a little bit.
But along this line
of questioning,
you can see what I may have
missed-- [LAUGHTER] or not.
Can you see anything
else that we
might benefit from knowing
around understanding these time
frames and our souls
intention differently?
>>GILLETTE: The
understanding comes
from evidence in one's life.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GILLETTE: All people
have evidentiary
in their life of a decision
made without doubt,
and it all worked out.
>>REGINA: Yes, indeed.
>>GILLETTE: So rely
on that evidence.
People believe in
what they conceive,
not what they're told, and
what they can recognize
as proof in their life.
So rely on the evidence
of your own outcomes, yes?
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GILLETTE: You've all had them.
And it always works out.
>>GILLETTE: And it works out.
>>REGINA: Mhm.
>>GILLETTE: But when another
opportunity presents itself,
then you wobble once again.
>>REGINA: You back into doubt.
>>GILLETTE: So rely
on the evidence, yes?
>>REGINA: Yes, it
should make life
a much more relaxing
and enjoyable experience
for people.
>>GILLETTE: But know, when
you have that wobble, when
you have that fear, the
flight of the butterfly
on the inner--
yes-- that is when
your dream is large enough.
If it is not, it's too easy.
>>REGINA: So I think there's
a little bumper sticker
about, have drug dreams
big enough to grow into.
>>GILLETTE: Correct, excellent.
>>REGINA: Don't dream small.
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
>>REGINA: Very good.
Theo, thank you so much for--
you've certainly helped me
understand a couple of things.
And I know our audience
has appreciated it as well.
So until next time, I say
thank you, and go well.
And we'll invite Sheila back.
>>GILLETTE: We are
appreciative of the opportunity
to be of service.
God's love unto you.
Good day.
>>REGINA: Good day.
>>GILLETTE: Hi, Regina.
>>REGINA: Hi, Sheila.
So do you recall any of
that-- I mean, some of it?
>>GILLETTE: Little
bits and pieces, yeah.
>>REGINA: Was there
anything you found
kind of maybe interesting
to take a look at from where
you were sitting?
>>GILLETTE: Mm, well,
you know, they're just--
what I'm hearing-- you know,
I'm continually growing.
I've been doing this
for four decades.
And every time Theo
speaks, I grow.
I get something
that's present from me
to listen to for my life.
And the thing that so
encourages me now is we're
just on that threshold of really
becoming all we can become.
>>REGINA: Mhm.
>>GILLETTE: And to me,
it's very exciting.
And, you know, they're
confirming so much more now
than they've ever done.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GILLETTE: Because we're ready
to understand the concepts
and the precepts of
who we really are--
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GILLETTE: --and the
power within that.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GILLETTE: So it's
an exciting time.
>>REGINA: Well, we
covered a lot of ground.
>>GILLETTE: Oh, good.
I'm glad to hear it.
>>REGINA: Yeah, you'll have
to watch the interview when it
comes out--
[LAUGHTER]
>>GILLETTE: I will.
I definitely will.
>>REGINA: --and see
what we talked about.
>>GILLETTE: I don't
remember, so I--
[LAUGHTER]
>>REGINA: OK, well, Sheila,
until next time then,
thank you so much for
being here with us.
>>GILLETTE: Oh,
it's such pleasure
to see you again, Regina.
Thank you for inviting me.
>>REGINA: To have direct contact
with the Theo Group and Sheila,
you can start by going to
Sheila's website, asktheo.com.
Meanwhile, you might want to
check out my other interviews
with Sheila here on gaia.com.
Until next time, thank you for
joining me here on Open Minds.
[MUSIC PLAYING]